-- -- PostgreSQL database dump -- -- Started on 2013-04-22 10:49:55 CEST SET statement_timeout = 0; SET client_encoding = 'UTF8'; SET standard_conforming_strings = off; SET check_function_bodies = false; SET client_min_messages = warning; SET escape_string_warning = off; SET search_path = max, pg_catalog; -- -- TOC entry 1906 (class 0 OID 0) -- Dependencies: 161 -- Name: rss_article_id_seq; Type: SEQUENCE SET; Schema: max; Owner: - -- SELECT pg_catalog.setval('rss_article_id_seq', 194938, true); -- -- TOC entry 1903 (class 0 OID 43929) -- Dependencies: 162 -- Data for Name: rss_article; Type: TABLE DATA; Schema: max; Owner: - -- INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23533, 'The 10 Greatest Books of All Time', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/8mW-7qdRw60/0,8599,1578073,00.html, '
The 10 Greatest Books of All Time By Lev Grossman Monday, Jan. 15, 2007 IME Let's not mince words: literary lists are basically an obscenity. Literature is the realm of the ineffable and the unquantifiable; lists are the realm of menus and laundry and rotisserie baseball. There's something unseemly and promiscuous about all those letters and numbers jumbled together. Take it from me, a critic who has committed this particular sin many times over. But what if—just for argument's sake—you got insanely rigorous about it. You went to all the big-name authors in the world—Franzen, Mailer, Wallace, Wolfe, Chabon, Lethem, King, 125 of them— and got each one to cough up a top-10 list of the greatest books of all time. We're talking ultimate-fighting-style here: fiction, non-fiction, poetry, modern, ancient, everything's fair game except eye-gouging and fish-hooking. Then you printed and collated all the lists, crunched the numbers together, and used them to create a definitive all-time Top Top 10 list. (See the 100 best novels of all time.) Yes, it would probably still be an obscenity. But it would be a pretty interesting obscenity. And that's what we have in J. Peder Zane's The Top 10 (Norton; 352 pages). Each individual top 10 list is like its own steeplechase through the international canon. Look at Michael Chabon's. He heads it up with Jorge Luis Borges's Labyrinths. (Nice: an undersung masterpiece by a writer's writer.) He follows that up with by Pale Fire by Nabokov at #2. (Hm. Does he really think it's better than Lolita? Really?) Then with number 3 he goes straight off the reservation: Scaramouche, by Rafael Sabatini. (What? By who?) The whole exercise is an orgy of intellectual second-guessing, which as we all know is infinitely more fun than the first round of guessing. There's plenty of canon fodder on the lists. Zane, who's the books editor at the Raleigh News & Observer, has done a statistical breakdown of the results, so we know, for example, that Shakespeare is the most-represented author (followed by Faulkner, who ties with Henry James; they're followed by a five-way tie, which you can read about for yourself). But I'm more interested in the dark horses, the statistical outliers, which lay bare the secret fetishes and perversions of the literati. Douglas Coupland puts Capote's unfinished Answered Prayers at number one, blowing right by Breakfast at Tiffany's and In Cold Blood, too. Jonathan Franzen begins straight up the middle, with The Brothers Karamazov, but turns a sharp corner at #9 with The Man Who Loved Children by Christina Stead, and another at #10 with Independent People by Halldor Laxness. The quintessentially American Tom Wolfe starts by reeling off four French classics in a row. Norman Mailer revives John Dos Passos's out-of-fashion U.S.A. trilogy for his #6 (and shows uncharacteristic forebearance by leaving his own works off the list). And so on. (At times one reads in the knowledge that one is being messed with. There's an outside, screwball chance that David Foster Wallace really reveres C.S. Lewis's The Screwtape Letters above all other books, but I feel comfortable asserting—having read Infinite Jesttwice—that Wallace does not feel that way about Stephen King's The Stand (at #2) or The Sum of All Fears, by Tom Clancy (#10).) (See the top 10 books you were forced to read in school.) There are several lifetimes' worth of promising literary leads here—544 books in all. An 85-page appendix providing enlightened summaries of all the works mentioned is worth the price of admission all on its own. But to get you started, here, in all its glory, is the all-time, ultimate Top Top 10 list, derived from the top 10 lists of 125 of the world's most celebrated writers combined. Read it and— well, just read it. Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy Madame Bovary by Gustave Flaubert War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain Hamlet by William Shakespeare The Great Gatsby F. Scott Fitzgerald In Search of Lost Time by Marcel Proust The Stories of Anton Chekhov by Anton Chekhov Middlemarch by George Eliot ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:43:24.138'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23517, 'Upward Mobility', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/6i11vXXU6kI/0,9171,2136877,00.html, '
IME Correction Appended: February 22, 2013 America has long been seen--by its citizens and the world--as the place where anyone can make it. And yet studies from the past two decades all point to a different reality. Economic mobility in the U.S. is low compared with what it was in times past and with current levels in many European countries and Canada. It is particularly sticky at the two ends of the economic ladder. Rich people rarely become poor in a generation--and the poorest seldom get rich. Despite the rags-to-riches myth, such stories are the exception. A comprehensive study by the Pew Economic Mobility Project documents that in the U.S. today, few poor people become even upper middle class. That's why President Obama's proposal to expand early-childhood education is vitally important: the idea is to provide high-quality pre-K for 4-year-olds from families whose incomes are at or below 200% of the poverty line--that is at or below $47,000 for a family of four. Children born into poor or dysfunctional families must have pathways up, especially if they have the talent to succeed. And the more we learn about neuroscience, the clearer it becomes that the human brain develops much sooner than we had believed. Early stimulation and education can be highly effective. Some of the criticism of Obama's program has come from the usual ideological opponents, though this is a program squarely aimed at creating greater equality of opportunity, not outcome. Other critics share his goals but worry about the government's track record in the area. Specifically, they point to Head Start, the long-standing program that provides early education to disadvantaged children. The Department of Health and Human Services released a study of Head Start in 2010, updated in 2012, that concludes that the program's positive effects begin to fade within a few years. This has led many to call it a failure and urge the government not to throw good money after bad. But critics are jumping to conclusions about a very complicated subject without really understanding the study--or the limitations of social-science research. In a June 2012 paper, three scholars from the University of Chicago and University of California, Davis, painstakingly explained why it is premature to reject Head Start. They note that many factors may have intervened to erode the early gains in scores, including sharp rises in single-parent families, non-English-speaking households and severe health problems like childhood obesity and diabetes. They also noted that early education in public schools has been getting better, a trend that might explain why Head Start kids lose their advantage over non--Head Start kids. Most important, some studies show that though their test scores level out, children who have been through early education do better in their professional lives. Look at the data from the rest of the world. A 2012 report from the Organisation of Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) concludes that early-childhood education "improves children's cognitive abilities, helps to create a foundation for lifelong learning, makes learning outcomes more equitable, reduces poverty and improves social mobility from generation to generation." Previous Page ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:44:49.297'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23523, 'The Trillion-Dollar Homecoming', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/iM7L4tdr9zc/0,9171,2132746,00.html, '
Tweet Illustration by Harry Campbell for TIME Ever hear of a double irish? how about a Dutch Sandwich? These aren't cocktails or bar snacks but rather complex financial strategies used by many American companies to transfer profits they earn abroad to countries with the lowest tax rates. Despite the goofy nicknames, these techniques have a serious purpose: to keep money away from the U.S. whenever possible to avoid paying the higher tax rates in effect at home. Ireland, for instance, taxes corporate earnings at 12.5%, compared with the U.S. rate of 35%. Big companies like GE and Apple have gotten very good at this game. By some estimates,... ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:45:59.626'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23527, 'The Long Goodbye', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/YHcKptuEFuo/0,9171,2116137,00.html, '
IME The phone call came on a cloudy morning in Iowa. I was interviewing Senator Chuck Grassley in his farm kitchen, surrounded by a sea of corn. Mom was back in the hospital again. She had pneumonia. She wasn't eating. "If we don't put in a feeding tube," my mother's internist told me, "she won't survive on her own." Mom had always been vehement about how she wanted to go. "Just pull the plug. Let me die," she would say, with more than a hint of melodrama. "I don't want to be a vegetable." But was she a vegetable now? She had been suffering from dementia for several years and at times seemed to be living on a different, prohibitively weird planet populated by angels, murderers and secret paramours. At one point, I called from the road, and she told me she had taken a lover. He was in bed with her right now. They had made love three times. (She was 91.) "Where's Dad?" I asked. In the other room, she said. Which was true, both literally and metaphorically: Dad was also suffering from dementia but of a less florid and more truculent variety. He rattled between wild rages and utter forgetfulness; he was intermittently incoherent, having lost much of his ability to locate words. Over time, though, Mom's angels and imaginary lovers disappeared, and an eerie dullness set in. She was rather limited in her responses now. "That's nice," she would say when I told her about my children and grandchildren. "I love you too," she would say. She never initiated conversation, but occasionally I could still make her laugh. Vegetables don't laugh. "If we don't put in the tube, how long does she have?" I asked the doctor. He wasn't sure. He was the sort of doctor who was allergic to certainty or even to ballpark estimates. "We've taken care of the pneumonia, but she's not eating," he repeated. So weeks? Days? She needs nourishment, he said. I was in Iowa. My brother was in Asia. I didn't want to sign a death sentence without even seeing her, without giving her a chance to rally. "O.K.," I told the doctor. "Put in the feeding tube. I'll be there as soon as I can." Previous Page ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:46:21.138'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23532, 'Etsy's Handmade Wars', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/TDoduo9mXxU/0,9171,2135702,00.html, '
Tweet Nathan Perkel for TIME Brett and crystal childs were living a hipster dream in Denver. They had taken a class in screen printing together to escape the stress of work; Brett, 28, was a restaurant manager, and Crystal, 27, was an interior designer. Screen printing, it turned out, was their calling. Their favorite design was an oversize diagram of a bicycle. They printed it on T-shirts. They printed it on pillows. And dresses and wallets. Soon enough, they longed to quit their jobs and become full-time screen-printing artists. To find customers, they put their handcrafted T-shirts and pillows and dresses and glassware on Etsy, an... ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:47:46.793'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23536, 'Second Act', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/KpJrXGh1ZYE/0,9171,2136322,00.html, '
IME The pilgrimage had seemed rather random, but its significance is finally clear. On April 28, 2009, while visiting the earthquake-stricken city of L'Aquila in central Italy, Benedict XVI paid a visit to the nearby tomb of Celestine V, a 13th century Pope who reigned for only five months. After pausing in silent prayer, Benedict left his predecessor a gift: his pallium, a liturgical vestment he received when he started his pontificate in 2005. Celestine's claim to fame--and infamy--was his resignation from the office of the papacy, choosing instead to return to a hermit's life. For that, the Roman Catholic Church eventually made him a saint. For the same act--the so-called Great Refusal--Dante Alighieri damned Celestine to the torments of the Inferno. Benedict may well have reflected on Celestine's dual fate before announcing, two days before Lent, that he would resign on Feb. 28. "The Pope must have felt very lonely in taking this decision," says a well-placed member of the Curia, the secretive bureaucracy that runs the Vatican. "After all, there is no one higher up than him to defer the choice to. Above him, there is only God." The papal announcement, delivered in Latin, stunned the church. Here was a Pope, in the ultimate exercise of free will, giving up his throne and his role as the Vicar of Christ. The last time that happened was 1415, when Gregory VII resigned as part of a negotiated deal to end the schism that had divided the church between rival papacies for close to 40 years. There is no existential crisis to resolve this time. But Benedict's abdication may transform the church he has ruled for almost eight years of both intractable controversy and burgeoning growth. He cited his physical condition, at age 85, as a reason for stepping down, and his brother Georg indicated that doctors have advised the Pontiff to give up transoceanic flights. The Pope has lived with a pacemaker since before ascending to the throne, and the Vatican acknowledged that its battery was recently replaced as part of regular maintenance. But unless Benedict's health deteriorates rapidly, he will not only see the election of his successor but also watch the new Pontiff take his first steps in the job. That convergence is likely to have huge implications--and perhaps complications. Though he couched his declaration as an exercise in Christian humility--a confession of human frailty from one of the most powerful men on the planet--the act is also one of great political opportunity, one that may reform the way the church is governed even as it preserves Benedict's conservative agenda. In his way, Benedict may be the last Pope of a model that the world is familiar with--the kind expected to serve till death--and the first in what could be a dramatic new way of administering a spiritual empire of more than 1 billion living souls. The Über-Pope ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:48:12.979'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23516, 'The High Cost of Care', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/bef_rb1FCmg/0,9171,2136867,00.html, '
The High Cost of Care By Richard Stengel Monday, Mar. 04, 2013 IME For the first time in our history, we are devoting the entire feature section of the magazine to a single story by one writer: a powerful examination of America's health care costs. The 24,105-word story, reported and written by Steve Brill, inverts the standard question of who should pay for health care and asks instead, Why are we paying so much? Why do we spend nearly 20% of our gross domestic product on health care, twice as much as most other developed countries, which get the same or better health outcomes? Why, Brill asks, does America spend more on health care than the next 10 highest-spending countries combined? One answer is that health care is a seller's market and we're all buyers--buyers with little knowledge and no ability to negotiate. It's a $2.8 trillion market, but it's not a free one. Hospitals and health care providers offer services at prices that very often bear little relationship to costs. They charge what they want to, and mostly--because it's a life-and-death issue--we have to pay. Have you actually looked at your hospital bill? It's largely indecipherable, but Brill meticulously dissects bills and calculates the true costs. He employs a classic journalistic practice: he follows the money, and he does it right down to the 10,000% markup that hospitals put on acetaminophen. He explains why about one-fourth of our bloated health care spending is overpayment and strips the veneer from of a vital American industry that is not always what it seems to be. Brill, the founder of Court TV and American Lawyer and the CEO of Journalism Online, is one of America's premier--and most dogged--journalists. Brill, who will be talking about health care on CNN all this week, has worked on this story for the past seven months. "What I learned in doing the piece," he says, "is what I always tell my journalism students: opinions and policy debates are boring and meaningless without looking at the facts, without doing the grunt work of real reporting." If the piece has a villain, it's something you've probably never heard of: the chargemaster, the mysterious internal price list for products and services that every hospital in the U.S. keeps. If the piece has a hero, it's an unlikely one: Medicare, the government program that by law can pay hospitals only the approximate costs of care. It's Medicare, not Obamacare, that is bending the curve in terms of costs and efficiency. Brill's story is resolutely nonideological, but it resets the terms of one of our most important policy debates. Both sides of the aisle are culpable, as our elected leaders refuse to rein in hospitals and health care providers. According to Brill, there are things that can be done. He argues that lowering the age of Medicare entry, not raising it, would lower costs. And that allowing Medicare to competitively price and assess drugs would save billions of dollars. Asking wealthy Medicare recipients for higher co-pays would make sense. Most of all, health care must be a market in which patients can help control costs by understanding them better. And make sure you look at your hospital bill. Richard Stengel, MANAGING EDITOR ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:48:42.112'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23521, 'What Choice?', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/xpFgenJf5aE/0,9171,2132761,00.html, '
IME Correction Appended: January 3, 2012 It's 8 a.m. on a Wednesday, and Tammi Kromenaker is on the phone, trying to untangle an insurance snafu. After 15 minutes of arguing with a billing operator, the director of the Red River Women's Clinic in Fargo, N.D., begins preparing for the patients who will soon arrive. Staff members trickle in. One puts a DVD of old sitcoms on the waiting-room television. Another straightens a pile of magazines. Someone brews a pot of coffee. By 10 a.m., the clinic is bustling with patients. Before the day is over, 18 women will undergo surgical abortions at Red River. Four others will receive abortion-inducing medication. Kromenaker, a social worker, was born in January 1972, one year before the Supreme Court decided Roe v. Wade. She has spent her entire adult life providing abortion services and is among hundreds of clinic directors across the U.S. navigating an ever increasing number of state-imposed abortion regulations. At Red River, the only abortion clinic in North Dakota, a woman must wait 24 hours between scheduling an appointment and arriving at the facility. Once there, she must undergo a counseling, verification and testing process that lasts up to five hours. If she is a minor, she must notify her parents; get permission from one or both, depending on who has custody; or get approval from a judge. Like Medicaid programs in some 30 other states, North Dakota's does not cover abortion services except in instances of rape or incest or to protect the life of the mother. In the past two decades, laws like the ones that govern appointments at Red River have been passed with regularity as pro-life state legislators have redrawn the boundaries of legal abortion in the U.S. In 2011, 92 abortion-regulating provisions--a record number--passed in 24 states after Republicans gained new and larger majorities in 2010 in many legislatures across the country. These laws make it harder every year to exercise a right heralded as a crowning achievement of the 20th century women's movement. In addition to North Dakota, three other states--South Dakota, Mississippi and Arkansas--have just one surgical-abortion clinic in operation. The number of abortion providers nationwide shrank from 2,908 in 1982 to 1,793 in 2008, the latest year for which data is available. Getting an abortion in America is, in some places, harder today than at any point since it became a constitutionally protected right 40 years ago this month. It might seem as though recent electoral victories by Barack Obama and congressional Democrats set the stage for a reversal of this trend. The President's campaign mobilized Democratic voters and women around the issue of reproductive rights--an effort that produced, according to some exit polls, the widest gender voting gap in history. But while the right to have an abortion is federal law, exactly who can access the service and under what circumstances is the purview of states. And at the state level, abortion-rights activists are unequivocally losing. Previous Page ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:48:59.558'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23526, 'Obama's Next Foreign Policy Battle', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/iXq2FyHyQdo/0,9171,2132765,00.html, '
Obama's Next Foreign Policy Battle By Joe Klein Monday, Jan. 14, 2013 IME In the coming days, President Obama may or may not nominate former Republican Senator Chuck Hagel to be the next Secretary of Defense. He would be the first Vietnam veteran to hold the job and the first noncommissioned officer, an Army sergeant grievously wounded in combat. His blue collar grunt experience would be particularly valuable as we reduce our forces and return our troops to civilian society. And yet the Hagel nomination has become one of those wild, foolish controversies that litter our public life--a fight that has nothing to do with his ability to manage the Pentagon or provide inspiring civilian leadership for our troops. It has to do with Israel and Iran. Indeed, it is a battle that Obama will face in the coming year whether he appoints Hagel or not. The Hagel fight comes at a rare moment of foreign policy consensus. Obama has successfully followed a moderate, realist path overseas reminiscent of George H.W. Bush's Administration, balancing toughness and accommodation. He has moved aggressively, using drone strikes and special forces, against the central leadership of al-Qaeda. He has worked closely with Israel to sabotage Iran's nuclear project with computer viruses. At the end of 2012, he signed a bill that will continue the use of warrantless wiretaps against suspected terrorists. He built a surprising global alliance that included Russia and China to impose harsh economic sanctions on Iran. Obama has made mistakes but avoided disasters--which is no mean feat. And yet he has been on the defensive since the election, a race he won in no small part because of his sanity on overseas policy. Twice now, potential nominees for high national-security positions have been assaulted by neoconservative extremists. U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice was forced from contention as Secretary of State; the assault on Hagel commenced soon after. It began, as such things often do, with an editorial by William Kristol in the Weekly Standard. He accused Hagel of being "anti-Israel" and "pro-appeasement" of Iran. The appeasement evidence centers on this Hagel quote: "A military strike against Iran ... is not a viable, feasible, responsible option." The stated position of the Obama Administration is that all options are on the table. But the unstated position of almost everybody who has looked at this problem, including the Joint Chiefs of Staff and much of Israel's defense and intelligence apparatus, is that military action against Iran is a fool's errand. Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said last October that a military strike against Iran would be "catastrophic." In truth, neoconservatives oppose any nonpunitive efforts to deal with the Iranian regime. But Hagel's belief that we should talk to all parties if they're willing to talk to us--the Iranians haven't been, hence the sanctions--is at the heart of the mainstream foreign policy consensus. Previous Page ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:49:36.143'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23528, 'The Case for Gun Control', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/ghzeu9sqxZI/0,9171,2121660,00.html, '
The Case for Gun Control By Fareed Zakaria Monday, Aug. 20, 2012 IME Update Appended: August 10, 2012 After the ghastly act of terrorism against a Sikh temple in Wisconsin on Aug. 5, Americans are pondering how to stop gun violence. We have decided that it is, in the words of New York Times columnist David Brooks, a problem of psychology, not sociology. We are trying to fathom the evil ideology of Wade Michael Page. Only several weeks ago, we were all trying to understand the twisted psychology of James Holmes, the man who killed 12 innocents at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo. Before that it was the mania of Jared Loughner, who shot Congresswoman Gabby Giffords last year. Certainly we should try to identify such people and help treat and track them. But aside from the immense difficulty of such a task--there are millions of fanatical, crazy people, and very few turn into mass murderers--it misses the real problem. Gun violence in America is off the chart compared with every other country on the planet. The gun-homicide rate per capita in the U.S. is 30 times that of Britain and Australia, 10 times that of India and four times that of Switzerland. When confronted with such a large deviation, a scholar would ask, Does America have some potential cause for this that is also off the chart? I doubt that anyone seriously thinks we have 30 times as many crazy people as Britain or Australia. But we do have many, many more guns. (Cover Story: How Guns Won.) There are 88.8 firearms per 100 people in the U.S. In second place is Yemen, with 54.8, then Switzerland with 45.7 and Finland with 45.3. No other country has a rate above 40. The U.S. handgun-ownership rate is 70% higher than that of the country with the next highest rate. The effect of the increasing ease with which Americans can buy ever more deadly weapons is also obvious. Over the past few decades, crime has been declining, except in one category. In the decade since 2000, violent-crime rates have fallen by 20%, aggravated assault by 21%, motor-vehicle theft by 44.5% and nonfirearm homicides by 22%. But the number of firearm homicides is essentially unchanged. What can explain this anomaly except easier access to guns? Confronted with this blindingly obvious causal connection, otherwise intelligent people close their eyes. Denouncing any effort to control guns, George Will explained on ABC News that he had "a tragic view of life, which is that ... however meticulously you draft whatever statute you wind up passing, the world is going to remain a broken place, and things like this are going to happen." I don't recall Will responding to, say, the 9/11 attacks--or any other law-and-order issue for that matter--with a "things happen" sentiment. The other argument against any serious gun control is that it's unconstitutional, an attempt to undo American history. In fact, something close to the opposite is true. On Friday, August 10, Fareed Zakaria issued the following statement about this article: "Media reporters have pointed out that paragraphs in my TIME column this week bear close similarities to paragraphs in Jill Lepore's essay in the April 22nd issue of The New Yorker. They are right. I made a terrible mistake. It is a serious lapse and one that is entirely my fault. I apologize unreservedly to her, to my editors at TIME, and to my readers." TIME has since issued its own statement: "TIME accepts Fareed's apology, but what he did violates our own standards for our columnists, which is that their work must not only be factual but original; their views must not only be their own but their words as well. As a result, we are suspending Fareed's column for a month, pending further review." Previous Page ', 1, '2013-03-19 11:50:51.936'); INSERT INTO rss_article VALUES (23520, 'The Growing Backlash Against Overparenting', NULL, 'http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/time/mostemailed/~3/vInmg50jM6Q/0,9171,1940697,00.html, '
